hey guys Joe here here to talk to you
about how to be any player in Super
Smash Bros good practice and stuff
varying from your older brother to nairo
or zero himself now this isn't an exact
will happen right now but these little
tips can help you somewhat improve and
hopefully during this discussion I can
help you in a bit now I do have five
points that you want to pull up and
somebody in the comments section below
did want to tell me to use a little bit
of points and kind of organize myself a
little bit more so how does this video
does feel a bit more organized and that
I can help you with a bit more
information and slightly less rambling
and also I kind of want to decrease the
amount of time maybe only five to six
minute videos but without further ado
let's get this started now the first
thing you really have to realize is that
you don't have the right to be anyone
you were not born to beat your brother
you wanna born to be zero zero is not
born to beat you either but you just
it's not your ability it's not your
birthright to just beat anyone that you
want to be you relate to put the time
into it and second thing about this
getting angry about losing to them will
not work it will not make you better it
will not make you Goku it'll not give
you some anime power that makes you beat
everybody getting angry is really bad in
fighting games and makes you stop
thinking as much and just makes you miss
your combos and especially in Smash Bros
can make you emit a lot of rage or
pretty much stop reading all together
and it's really easy to see somebody
that tilts so you to realize that it's
not your right to beat them and I
getting angry about it will just really
not help that much
and these are just something to start
thinking about and if you can get a
little bit less angry about losing to
him and if you can just realize that
you're not just getting a win just from
being alive pretty much then it'll kind
of get you in the right mindset the next
thing is that you should look at what
they are doing to improve a lot faster
than you for example there's some people
that I know some friends that I have
that do try to improve a little bit but
they really don't put in as much effort
they don't go on websites like anthers
ladder they don't do tournaments stuff
like that and they just aren't improving
quite as fast as I have been or I've
seen a lot of examples online people
just really aren't improving as fast
because they aren't putting in the
effort if you really want to be better
than somebody you have to put in the
more effort and you have to do what they
are doing just a lot more and just
trying to improve during the way that
you're doing either you can do the thing
that they're doing to improve I turn
into stuff or you can find a new tactic
for yourself to improve what they're
doing or to just improve yourself
overall but you'll still have to put
even more effort into it if you do want
to beat the opponent
want to beat your enemy fighting a new
tactic can be very hard you could try
training mode you could try is doing
some not Nintendo oriented premade
tournaments just doing some random
tournaments on twitch streams on the top
like that but really you'll want to make
either a new tactic for yourself or just
copy your brothers your like person
you're looking up to or something's
example and just try to do what they do
but more often and just try harder and
try to get in your zone just try to
improve at it trying to improve it's
really all you have to do and once you
improve you'll pretty much win all it's
about is trying to improve yourself and
become better next you really have to
blues your being afraid of losing
attitude a lot of people are really
afraid of losing and do not want to play
any game because they just think that
they might lose or they just know that
they're going to lose and they just hate
losing a lot of people really do hate
losing and I can't see why losing is
never a good thing it always feels bad
but if you're not afraid to lose you'll
really never have the chance to win a
lot of the best players got from where
they were to where they are by losing a
lot and some of the people just money
matched all the best players in the city
in the scene and pretty much they became
some of the best players themselves so
really you just have to fight a lot
against good players or just fight
against pretty much anybody and just not
be afraid to lose just keep going on and
realize it is just a game you can do
better you just have to try and you
should not be afraid to lose and you
have to make sure you don't go until you
have to not get angry and kind of maybe
listen to some music or something like
that that can really easily help you
improve just because it'll give you a
little bit more in the right mindset and
yeah that's basically it the final thing
I want to talk about is that you should
try to get your head in the game
and learn your opponent either from
games you watch from them if it's a very
competitive level or just from watching
your brother play online matches just
try to look at all the stuff that they
do do very often and try to see how you
could capitalize for example if you see
a Lucas player that always goes for side
B and your example playing pretty much
any character in the game you could just
easily shield this quite easily and then
run up for easy quick punish especially
if you're someone like Sheik but if you
don't catch on to this they'll be able
to just hit you with a lot of side beats
so they're really easily can durable
like strategy that lucas does a lot but
you can just counter it but if you
really are paying attention you probably
won't think to counter so really you
just have to be in your head it to get
in the game to try to get the reads and
you just try to have to think about what
they're going to do
and that's really where be winning comes
in to try to think what the opponent's
going to do and just have a lot of
practice graduating is definitely the
most important thing out of all this how
to beat anybody mostly it's about the
mindset it's about listening to
motivational stuff it's about all the
stuff I've said previously but just in
general the final thing is just to
practice a ton do it
tournament do it locals do it in just by
playing with yourself or computers do it
just however you can try to find a way
to practice that works for you try to
beat your opponent but you will just
have to realize this is the main thing
you do have to put in a lot of effort
you are not going to win against your
friend that's really really good or the
opponent that's really really good by
putting in fifty percent effort by
putting in 75 percent effort you are
going to win by putting in 100 percent
effort need to put in 110% one twenty or
even more from what you use to put in
and then it will finally help you start
to improve it'll help you break that
barrier but you do have to put an effort
a lot of people don't like to do this a
lot of people just kind of like to see
oh well I'm okay I'm okay where I am and
I feel like I can beat them if I just
kept going at the pace I am but just try
to try more pretty much just do it more
and just practice more to do everything
you're doing right now more and
essentially it's doing everything more
getting a good mindset and just trying
your best is really all you can do to
become better at smash and become better
any fighting game general and if you
really really try your hardest you can
become one of the best if not just the
best in your plane region that you're on
you may not become as good as somebody
like zero you may not become as good as
somebody like abba dango but you're
still probably be able to beat all the
people in your region that you are
around so hold of this video did help
you a little bit it was a little bit and
motivational I guess but you can also
say that it was more about just little
tips mostly mindset and really you just
want to learn mindset tips mindset is a
lot more important than exact tips or
character and what's you're looking at
character guide so I would recommend try
to change your mindset try to become
better and to try to do your best once
you do all that once you put that all
together you can easily become one of
the better players in the game and as
you know I just believe in you I know
that you can do this and if this video
does help you tell me in the comment
section below
maybe if this helps you in like a month
or so tell me if this video did help me
at all or just did help you at all and
just tell me your story of how did help
you or just tell me a story of how you
personally like to become better
fighting games and maybe if none of
these ways work for you at all try to
help each other I really just like to
help each other in these types of videos
just have everybody improve thank you
guys for watching though I do hope you
enjoy this video and it did put a little
smile on your face if it did if you did
enjoy this video though make sure to
LIKE comment of course your experiences
and subscribe and I'll see you all next
time